#summary Licensing discussion and information for SCY developers

= Source Code License =

Licensing is a very important topic for the software developers. After several discussion the dicision for licensing the SCY code under the LGPL has been made which has several consequences:

  # All source files should have a header stating the license of this code. We still need to decide for LGPL v2.1 or v3. As a lot of source code has been developed without having any license information, I have found an Eclipse plugin to apply that afterwards -> http://www.wdev91.com/?p=cpw 
  # Libraries chosen for development have to be compatible to the LGPL license. Check the compatibility table at the FSF -> http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses/gpl-faq.html#AllCompatibility The colums are the several GNU licenses you would like to release your project under. So here the most important columns are the latter three (LGPL version X). The first part of the table (copy code) is not that important. The more important part is the second one. Here you can see, if you are allowed to use a library with a certain with your code. Here we see that LGPL is only ok with LGPL (actually it says that it is also ok with GPL but only if you convert to GPL, which is not ok in my eyes!). So from that table it does not really matter, whether we use v2.1 or v3 of the LGPL. But the FSF recommends to use the latest version of the LGPL, so *the winner is LGPL v3.*
  # Compatibility with other licenses is also a tricky issue. To make it short: As long as we only use non restrictive licenses everything is fine. Allowed licenses: Apache License, LGPL, BSD! 
  # As we are using LGPL our IPRs (Intellectual property right) are preserved. That means that if anybody would like to modify the SCY software, he could do so, but all modifications must be released Open Source and also under the LGPL. In that case we could reuse these modifications or extensions for SCY.

One example of how licensing could look like is the GWT-Ext project that we use for the SCY-Lab. This project is licensed under the LGPL v3 license and also uses other licenses like Apache License and BSD. Check out their licensing information -> http://gwt-ext.com/license/