#summary A collection of USE CASES, DISCUSSIONS, and RESOURCES related to the search capabilities of Roolo.


*USE CASES*



*DISCUSSIONS*

- The search implementation will have 3 layers of abstraction
  Bottom: Jcr/Lucene query language and search capabilities

  Middle: The abstract layer allowing Roolo's clients to send search Roolo's content through

  Top: The user interface where the user can define search criteria through

- Roolo should accommodate 3 types of users
  - Agents

  - Users (the interact with the search engine via a user interface)

  - Query extensions (these are agents who assist the users and extend the users' search criteria)

- Jakob to look further into Jcr

- Lars to write a proposal for the 3 layered search and invite *Ulrich*, *Stefan* and *Jorg* to add use cases. 

- Rokham is to look further into Lucene.



*RESOURCES*

- JSR 170: Content Repository for JavaTM technology API
  The Java Content Repository specification 1.0.1 can be downloaded at: http://jcp.org/aboutJava/communityprocess/maintenance/jsr170/index.html

- JSR 283: Content Repository for JavaTM Technology API Version 2.0
  The Java Content Repository specification 2.0 can be downloaded at: http://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=283. Unfortunately it is not final yet.

- Wikipedia
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_repository_API_for_Java

- JCR search capabilities:
  - This page talks about the parameters that can be set in Jackrabbit with regards to search. At the bottom, it also has some Jackrabbit's proprietary functionality, which cannot be found in the JSR 170 specification: http://wiki.apache.org/jackrabbit/Search  

  - This page talks about how you can search Jackrabbit's content using JCR's indexing and search capabilities: http://wiki.apache.org/jackrabbit/IndexingConfiguration


- Nabble forums:
  Apache has several forums (for their various projects) under www.Nabble.com. Each project has its unique URL and it's very simple to find them via google. For example if you're looking for Jackrabbit's Nabble forum just search for "Jackrabbit Nabble". The Same applies to Lucene of course. From my experience on the Jackrabbit forum, the forum works really well and they reply to your questions very promptly with detailed answers.

Here are the links for Jackrabbit and Lucene's Nabble forums.

Jackrabbit Nabble: http://www.nabble.com/Jackrabbit-f361.html

Lucene Nabble: http://www.nabble.com/Lucene-f44.html