#summary Running SCYLab with GWT and no IDE

= Running SCYLab (without IDE) =

This Guide is a HowTo for running the SCYLab with GWT and without any IDE (not recommended)


== Requirements ==

1. [http://java.sun.com/javase/downloads/index.jsp JDK]

2. Anything to Check out the Project on Subversion Server.

3. [http://code.google.com/webtoolkit/download.html GWT (Google Web Toolkit)]. Get the latest Version and be sure that you have 

installed Java correctly (1.5 or higher). 


== Steps to start the project ==

1. Install Java (the JDK)

2. Install GWT
   Unzip GWT to a local folder and add this folder to your Classpath belonging to your Operating System.

3. Check out the Project from SVN and store it to a local folder.

4. Creating the startup-Scripts
   Move to the commandline (Windows: cmd.exe). Switch to your project folder (where you stored the checked out project), e.g. C:\scy-lab. Now start the applicationCreator by executing: "applicationCreator -ignore eu.scy.lab.client.SCYLab". This creates the scripts for starting the application in hosted mode and the script for compiling to a web application.

5. Fixing the scripts
   Open the "SCYLab-shell" (located in the main project-folder) and edit it: append the following to the classpath (this is the "-cp" entry): ";libs/gwtext.jar;libs/gwtextux.jar;libs/gwt-maps.jar" (In Windows. In other Operating Systems could be another seperator, like the ":")
   Redo this for your "SCYLab-compile" if you want to compile the application.
   
6. Start it!
   Now execute the "SCYLab-shell" script to see the application!