#summary Running SCYLab with GWT and IntelliJ IDEA

= Running SCYLab (with IntelliJ IDEA) =

This Guide is a HowTo for running the SCYLab with GWT and IntelliJ IDEA

== Requirements ==

1. [http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/ IntelliJ]

2. [http://code.google.com/webtoolkit/download.html GWT] (Google Web Toolkit). Get the latest Version and be sure that you have installed Java correctly (1.5 or higher).   

_Subversion and GWT Plugins are bundled since Version 6.0 of IntelliJ IDEA_


== Steps to start the project ==

1. Install IntelliJ IDEA.

2. Unzip the GWT Folder. 
   You have to specify this later at Settings

3. Check out Project from SVN
   Choose "Check out from Version Control -> Subversion" on Quick Start View. 
   "-> Add Repository Location", when prompted, insert: https://scy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
   When you navigate through the repository, you have to accept a server certificate and after that you have to authenticate with your user data. 
 _Note that Username is your google-Account-username, but the password is not your account password. It is a generated password. See: http://code.google.com/hosting/settings

   Choose "scy-lab" and click "checkout", set the directory where the project will be stored.

4. Import the Project
   Select "Import project from external model", next chose Eclipse, select the folder you stored the data from svn into. You can skip the next settings, if your IDE is already configured.

5. Setting the GWT Path
   You were asked to configure the Path Variable GWT_HOME. Edit it: the Value should be the directory, where you have unzipped GWT.
   Then you have to configure the GWT Plugin bundled to IntelliJ: "File -> Settings -> Project Settings", click on "Modules", expand "scy-lab" and choose "GWT". There you have to insert your GWT Path.

6. Setting a Run Configuration
   Click Menu "Run -> Edit Configurations", add (+) a new Configuration, select GWT Configuration. Apply that and after that, click on "Run". The GWT Development Shell and the Hosted Browser will appear. In the Browser you could see the actual SCYLab. While coding in Eclipse, you don't have to start the GWT Development Shell every time you changed code. You simply have to refresh the hosted Browser!
