#summary Developers guide to setup the user management server


How to set up the scy useradmin and run it

*WARNING:* The user admin is a work in progress – so this document will change radically the next coming weeks

Useradmin is built from java1.5 – updates are needed to run it in 1.6, have not had the time yet to fix that part.

Required software:

Java1.5.xx

MySql 4 ++

Maven 2



*5 steps for a successful setup of SCY-useradmin:*


1.	Check out the code from google code.

2.	In the folder <YOUR_LOCAL_REPOSITORY_COPY>/src/main/filters folder there is a file called sample_filter_rename_me.properties. Rename this file to filter.properties  and update the properties inside the file filter.propertes to match your local requirements. Make sure that you do not upload the filter.properties file to the code repository.

3. Create a database in mysql that is named "scyuseradmin". This can be done by starting mysql from the commandline with the command "mysql -u <YOUR_USER_NAME> -p". For example: "mysql -u root -p". Enter the passsword and run the following command when you have successfully logged into mysql: "create database scyuseradmin;".

4.	In command line in the scyuseradmin folder, run mvn jetty:run to download dependencies and start up a jetty server. This server both serves the web pages of user admin, and also two web services for useradmin and brokerAPI. The download may take quite a while to complete the first time it is run, so please be patient.

5.	You can access the web site from the url: http://localhost:8080/scyadmin/home
For the time being you can only log in with username : scy and password scy, this will be 
updated pretty soon.


To access the 
useradmin wsdl: http://localhost:8080/scyadmin/services/UserManagement?wsdl

brokerProxy.wsdl: http://localhost:8080/scyadmin/services/BrokerProxy?wsdl